h1. yab_copy_to_new

p. Displays a new button in article write tab to copy the current article to a new one.

p. *Version:* 0.1

h2. Table of contents

# "Plugin requirements":#help-section02
# "Configuration":#help-config03
# "Changelog":#help-section10
# "License":#help-section11
# "Author contact":#help-section12

h2(#help-section02). Plugin requirements

p. yab_copy_to_new's  minimum requirements:

* Textpattern 4.x
* Modern browser capable of HTML5 sessionStorage

h2(#help-config03). Configuration

Install and activate the plugin.
The following form fields will not be copied by default:
* all of hidden type
* an exclude array of posted day and time and the url_title
You can modify this exclude array on your own, it's the first variable in the yab_copy_to_new() function.

h2(#help-section10). Changelog

* v0.1: 2014-02-06
** initial release

h2(#help-section11). Licence

This plugin is released under the GNU General Public License Version 2 and above
* Version 2: "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
* Version 3: "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

h2(#help-section12). Author contact

* "Plugin on author's site":http://www.yablo.de/article/479/yab_copy_to_new-copy-the-current-article-content-to-a-new-one
* "Plugin on GitHub":https://github.com/trenc/yab_copy_to_new
* "Plugin on textpattern forum":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?pid=278692
* "Plugin on textpattern.org":http://textpattern.org/plugins/1289/yab_copy_to_new